plugins/torque-map/README.md, before:

# Torque Plugin Boilerplate

## GET STARTED

1.  Open new terminal, and in **project** root, run:

    ```sh
    $ yarn
    ```

    to install/link dependencies.

7.  In **project** root, run:

    ```sh
    $ yarn start <torque_plugin_slug>
    ```

    to compile files to wp-content and start webpack


## Filters

Filters available for the theme to control some of the map's layout and functionality:

*Filter* | *Function* | *Value Type*
--- | --- | ---
`torque_map_api_key` | Set the API key to use for google maps | string
`torque_map_pois_allowed` | Define how many Points Of Interest are allowed per map. Defaults to 0. | int
`torque_map_display_pois_list` | Whether the map should display a list of POIs below the map when a POI is searched for. Defaults to false. | bool
`torque_map_tinymce_plugin_button` | Passing `true` will allow users to enter a shortcode in the backend of wordpress to create a map on the fly - without the need to create the map post first. Defaults to false. | bool
`torque_map_pois_location` | Set the location for the POI buttons. Defaults to `top`. You can pass `bottom` to display them at the below the map. | string

Commit message:

Squash - Add documentation and changelogs to all plugins (#14)
* add changelogs to boilerplates

* add changelog for torque-map

* add more to torque map readme

* add torque staff readme and changelog

* update readmes in boilerplate

* Add torque gallery layouts readme

* Add torque floor plans readme

* add torque filtered loop readme

* add readme to torque careers

* add torque button readme

* add building facts Readme

* add emtpy readme for torque-availability

* update plugin versions

* add dates to second versions

* update main theme changelog

* update changelog for theme

plugins/torque-map/README.md, after:

# Torque Map

Allows users to create their own custom maps, complete with custom pointers and points of interest filters (POIs), and include them in their wordpress site with a shortcode.

## Filters

Filters available for the theme to control some of the map's layout and functionality:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

*Filter* | *Function* | *Value Type*
--- | --- | ---
`torque_map_api_key` | Set the API key to use for google maps | string
`torque_map_pois_allowed` | Define how many Points Of Interest are allowed per map. Defaults to 0. | int
`torque_map_display_pois_list` | Whether the map should display a list of POIs below the map when a POI is searched for. Defaults to false. | bool
`torque_map_tinymce_plugin_button` | Passing `true` will allow users to enter a shortcode in the backend of wordpress to create a map on the fly - without the need to create the map post first. Defaults to false. | bool
`torque_map_pois_location` | Set the location for the POI buttons. Defaults to `top`. You can pass `bottom` to display them at the below the map. | string

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

# Changelog

## [1.0.1] 9/12/2018

### Changed

- fix bug in controller class - was failing when trying to get a map by id that had no pois assigned
- fix the map icon point anchor - it was moving position relative to the map when the map was zoomed

## [1.0.0]

### Added

- Shortcode with TinyMCE
- Map CPT
- API for getting map CPT
- React App with Google Maps
